{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Author: Jacob Dickinson\
12/20/16\
Reaction Rates 2.2\
\
this program requires Java version 8 update 60 or later\
\
All code was made by Jacob Dickinson. No code was copied from any copy written material.\
The libraries for jfreechart1.0.19 were downloaded from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jfree.org/jfreechart/download.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.jfree.org/jfreechart/download.html}} \
Paid for by The Williams Council Grant\
\
Use Manual:\
\
The default values are for 
\b \'93wild type\'94. 
\b0 In this default state, both the 
\b \'93Enzyme\'94 
\b0  and 
\b \'93Substrate\'94
\b0 \
fields can be modified. When the desired values are in the fields, press 
\b \'93Enter\'94
\b0 . This will add the point to the graph, on the right. If, at any point, you want to restart, the 
\b \'93Clear\'94 
\b0 button can be pressed to return 
\b Both
\b0  fields to their default values and remove all points from the graph. This 
\b will not 
\b0 clear any 
\b Mutant Check Boxes 
\b0 that are currently checked.\
\

\b Mutant Check Boxes
\b0 \
Checking any of the three 
\b Check Boxes 
\b0 (labeled 
\b 1, 2, 
\b0 and 
\b 3
\b0 ) will modify the equations for graphing, giving you one of three mutants assigned to the check boxes. When a 
\b Mutant Check Box 
\b0 is checked, the 
\b \'93Enzyme\'94
\b0  field will be locked in value and can not be modified. Pressing the 
\b \'93Clear\'94 
\b0 button 
\b will not 
\b0 clear the check 
\b Mutant Check Box. 
\b0 If a 
\b Mutant Check Box 
\b0 is checked, and you want to check a different one, check the desired box and the program will automatically reset the graph and values as well as un check any 
\b Mutant Check Boxes 
\b0 which are checked
\b . 
\b0 To return to the 
\b \'93Wild Type\'94
\b0 , uncheck the current 
\b Mutant Check Box. }